adding new updates to Getting Started (#22250)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: includes/data-connect-quickstart-02.md

---

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->

Prior to using Microsoft Graph Data Connect (Data Connect) for the first time, you will need to work with your Microsoft 365 tenant admin to enable the Data Connect service for your tenant. 

> The first tab goes over our new and updated consent flow. We highly recommend new and current customers to use this new consent flow for a smoother and secure onboarding process. The later tab follows our previous guidance on our soon to be deprecated consent process involving Priviledged Access Management (PAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first tab goes over our new and updated consent flow. We highly recommend new and current customers use this new consent flow for a smoother and more secure onboarding process. The later tab follows our previous guidance on our soon-to-be deprecated consent process involving Privileged Access Management (PAM).
```

> For this tutorial, please ensure you have an account with admin priviledges available. You cannot set up your first pipeline without completing this step. We recommend having two users in your Microsoft 365 tenant have the **global administrator** role enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this tutorial, please ensure you have an account with admin privileges available. You must complete this step to set up your first pipeline. We recommend having at least two users in your Microsoft 365 tenant with the **global administrator** role enabled.
```

- [Global Administrator built-in role](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference#global-administrator).
- [Elevate access to gain the Global Administrator role](/azure/role-based-access-control/elevate-access-global-admin).

## [Enable Microsoft Graph Data Connect in your Microsoft 365 tenant](#tab/NewConsentFlow)

Set up your Microsoft 365 tenant to enable the usage of Microsoft Graph Data Connect.

> 1. Open a browser and go to your [Microsoft 365 Admin Portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/) and sign in with your “admin” user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a browser and go to your [Microsoft 365 Admin Portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/) and sign in with your **admin** user. 
```

> 1. Select the **Settings > Org settings** menu item. You might have to click **Show all** before you're able to view **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Settings > Org settings**. You might have to click **Show all** before you're able to view **Settings**.
```

> 1. In the **Services** tab (which should be the default selection), select the **Microsoft Graph Data Connect** service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Services** tab (which should be the default selection), select **Microsoft Graph Data Connect**.
```

1. Select the checkbox below to **Turn Microsoft Graph Data Connect on or off for your entire organization** and click **Save**.
    
    ![A screenshot showing how to enable data connect in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-new-consent-flow-enable-mgdc.png)

> 1. Congrats, you just enabled Microsoft Graph Data Connect for your organization!

Reviewer 2: Please spell out as "Congratulations" for globalization/localization.

## [PAM: Enable Microsoft Graph Data Connect in your Microsoft 365 tenant](#tab/PAMConsentFlow)

> This page goes over the steps for our former consent flow involving the Priviledged Access Management (PAM). We recommend new and current customers to refer to our newer consent flow on the previous tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page goes over the steps for our former consent flow involving Privileged Access Management (PAM).We highly recommend new and current customers use this new consent flow for a smoother and more secure onboarding process available in the previous tab. 
```

> This page describes the steps of the former consent flow involving Privileged Access Management (PAM). We highly recommend new and current customers use the new consent flow for a smoother and more secure onboarding process available in the previous tab. 

Reviewer 2: Revise the second sentence: 

We recommend that you use the new consent flow for a smoother and more secure onboarding process.

> This page goes over the steps for our former consent flow involving Privileged Access Management (PAM).We highly recommend new and current customers use this new consent flow for a smoother and more secure onboarding process available in the previous tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes the steps of the former consent flow involving Privileged Access Management (PAM). We highly recommend new and current customers use the new consent flow for a smoother and more secure onboarding process available in the previous tab. 
```

## Configure Microsoft Graph Data Connect consent request approver group

Set up your Microsoft 365 tenant to enable the usage of Microsoft Graph Data Connect.

> 1. Open a browser and go to your [Microsoft 365 Admin Portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/). Please ensure this is done through an account with admin priviledges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a browser and go to your [Microsoft 365 Admin Portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/). Please ensure this is done through an account with admin privileges.
```

> 1. Open a browser and go to your [Microsoft 365 Admin Portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/). Please ensure this is done through an account with admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: It would be more clear/concise to word this step as:

Open a browser and use an account with admin privileges to go to your [Microsoft 365 admin portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/).

## Enable Microsoft Graph Data Connect in your Microsoft 365 tenant

> Enable the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service on your Microsoft 365 tenant. Please ensure this is done with an account that has admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: Revise as:

Enable the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service on your Microsoft 365 tenant by using an account that has admin privileges.

> Enable the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service on your Microsoft 365 tenant. Please ensure this is done with an account that has admin priviledges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service on your Microsoft 365 tenant. Please ensure this is done with an account that has admin privileges.
```
